Trev8939/update o auth sample to toolkit (#210)
Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-samples: authenticate-with-oauth/README.md

When you run the sample, the app will load a web map which contains premium content. You will be challenged for an ArcGIS Online login to view the private layers. Enter a user name and password for an ArcGIS Online named user account (such as your ArcGIS for Developers account). If you authenticate successfully, the traffic layer will display, otherwise the map will contain only the public basemap layer.

## How it works

1. Create an `AuthenticatorState` and set the `OAuthConfiguration` with the portal URL, client ID, and redirect URI.

> 2. Load a `PortalItem(...)` with connection type `Portal.Connection.Authenticated` which will issue an authentication challenge.

Reviewer: I would swap the order of step 2 and 3. In my mind the logical order should be that `DialogAuthenticator()` is called before loading the portal item, so that the OAuth prompt can actually happen.

> 3. Create a `DialogAuthenticator` composable passing it the `AuthenticatorState` object. Because the `AuthenticatorState` object has an `OAuthConfiguration` set, the `DialogAuthenticator` will prompt for OAuth credentials.

Reviewer: Instead of "Create" I suggest to use the term "Call" here, since we are calling a composable function. Also would mention "toolkit":
```suggestion
3. Call the toolkit's `DialogAuthenticator` composable passing it the `AuthenticatorState` object. Because the `AuthenticatorState` object has an `OAuthConfiguration` set, the `DialogAuthenticator` will prompt for OAuth credentials when the associated `Portal` is loaded.
```

   ```xml
   <activity
        android:name="com.arcgismaps.toolkit.authentication.OAuthUserSignInActivity"
        android:launchMode="singleTop"> <!--keeps only one instance to the top of the stack-->
   ```

   * Set the `<intent-filter>` categories tags to be able to launch a custom browser tab.

   ```xml
   <intent-filter>
        <action android:name="android.intent.action.VIEW" />
        <!--required to launch a custom browser tab-->
        <category android:name="android.intent.category.DEFAULT" />
        <category android:name="android.intent.category.BROWSABLE" />
   ```

   * Set the `data` tag to be able to use the redirect URI to navigate back to the app after prompting for OAuth credentials.

   ```xml
   <data
        android:host="auth"
        android:scheme="my-ags-app" />
   ```

To learn more on setting up the data specification to an intent filter, visit the [Android docs](https://developer.android.com/guide/topics/manifest/data-element).

## Relevant API

* ArcGISAuthenticationChallengeHandler
* ArcGISAuthenticationChallengeResponse
* AuthenticationManager
* AuthenticatorState

> * DialogAuthenticator

Reviewer: Somewhere in this doc, probably more at the top, it should be highlighted that this sample makes use of the toolkit's `authentication` module, possibly with a [link](https://github.com/Esri/arcgis-maps-sdk-kotlin-toolkit/tree/main/toolkit/authentication) to that module in the toolkit repo.
